Unit 46
Go away.I'm not here.
Hi Nobody home but us bees.
What? What are you talking about?
Hannah, there's something you should know about me .
Yesterday ,I dressed up as a bee and sang a song .
Where? In an office full of people with real jobs.
You did? You're incredible.
No,no.I'm not incredible.I'm desperte.
If I were an actor,or a struggling artist,or crazy.
But no.I'mprefectly same .Yet this is my life .
You're the only person I'm telling,Hannah.
If Michael finds out,Iwill never hear the end of it.
I don't know why you're so embrrassed.
It's not dishonest,or ill egal,or immoral.
You're right. It's just humiliating.
Are you too humiliated to go away with me in a couple of weeks?
Do you still want to go?
Absolutely.Here's some stuff you can borrow for the trip.Thanks.
You're very cute when you're depressed.
Is it pssible you have very poor taste in men?
Sweetheart,may I steal you from your friends for just a few minutes?Oh.Sure ,Grammy.
I know you've got lots of presents to open.But I wanted to give you this one first.
Oh they're so beautiful.They're very special.
My grandmother gave them to me on my sixteenth birthday.
I've had them  ever since.
Dou you like them?I love them.
I have so many earrings,but nothing like these .
These are the best.Did your Grammy really give them to you?Mm-hm.
Can I try them on?Of course.
Oh,Oh,Grammy.I'm so sorry Don't worry.
We'll find it.Ah ha ,there it is.
Ugh,that's not it.Hmph.I wish there were fewer walnuts in this pudding.
They look like earrings.
Mom really likes walnuts.She doesn't even put in as many as she wants.
Dad won't let her.Thank goodness for that.
Ah.I think we have something here,besides a lot of pudding.
One heirloom earring.
Great,Grammy.
That wasn't so bad.There's just a little less pudding to go around.
Happy birthday,honey.
Happy Birthday,Beth.
You mom said she'll cut the cake in the kitchen.
Open your presents.OK, OK,here goes.
This isn't the present that you really want.He wouldn't fit in the box.Ooohhh.From Justine.
It's the jacket I love from Maxi's. It's so great.Thank you,Justine.
So,what's the present you really want?
I'll never tell.Awww...
And the next person who brings it up,gets no cake.Ooohhh.
Here is a gift,which will help you play better.
To improve you serve,follow it to the letter.
Happy Birthday from the only person who can beat you at tennis.Jonathan,"Winning Tennis",by Megan Tate Who's that?
She's that woman who runs those intense tennis clinics in Florida.
Thank you Jonathan.
But you're going to regret this.I'm going t read the book and then I'm going to squash you.I doubt it.
Unit 47
Have a good time!Not too late!Bye!
That was a success I think.
Wonderful.Where are they going?There's a cafe in Porter Square.
That was painless.Let me get some of those dishes.
You mother said she was going to take a computer class.Yeah she came over early to try out some things on mine .
That's good.I'll help clean up.
Did you like the graphics program I showed you?
Oh yes,The ccolors are fabulous.I've never seen anysthing like it.Though,needless to say.I have't atually drawn anything yet.
Oh,don't worry,You'll get it .I think so too.
Now ,I grant you,it would be nice to have one at home to practice on.
You can practice on mine for the time being.
Really ,Mom come over anytime.
Thank you ,sweetheart.You're welcome.
Hey ,hey,hey,hey.Was it something I said?
What?Every time I come in,you two go out.
You're giving me a complex.Poor guy.
We can't have that.Our daughter is sixteen.
Hey,Danny!Hey Tony!How's it going?Good .
Do you want to do the five-mile loop,today?Sure.Great.
How's work?It's good.
I though up some new advertising.for my dad's stereo stores.
He actually wants to do it.Good man,Tony.
Showing a little initiative.
Speaking of which.
I called up that girl Hannah.
You know ,Lisa's friend. I met her back at your dinner.
Yeah.Hannah.How did you get her number?
I asked her for her number that night.She was very nice.
She's very nice.Very,very nice.
Ah Tony,I called her too .
You did?Oh man,maybe I shouldn't have brough it up.
We could have gone on in ignorance of each other's failures.
Why?What did she say?I struck out.
She said she really enjjoyed meetong me.but she was seeing someone that she really likes.So.
She said that?Yeah,Why?What did she she say to you?
We're going out.What?!
Yeah.We've gone out for a few weeks.
I don't believe it.
We're going away for a weekend in a couple of weeks.
I lose out to my old pal.
Sorry,Tony,I'm the man.The indignity of it.
Unit 48
Everything's on hold until I make the announcemet.
That's not for a few weeks.Then all hell breaks loose.Yep
Joe,you've been doing this for two days.
Is your neck bthering you?Maybe you should see a doctor.
You're right.If it doesn't get better soon.I'll have to have it looked at.
It's probably from the train.
What happened on the train?
We went to New York.On the way back,the train was was delayed.
For how long?Five hours.We stopped somewhere in Connecticut for five hours.
No wonder your neck's bothering you.My back would be a mess.
I told Marie we should have flown.
We should have taken the shuttle.But she wouldn't listen.
Now I have a pain in the neck.Well,
you have to admit,the delay wasn't Marie's fault.Yeah,yeah.
I probably shouldn't.You and Marie are traveling a lot lately.
We're putting the romance.I'll let you know if it works.
What did you order?
Turkey club.What did you get?
Peanut butter and jelly.Bon appetit.
Come on in ,Danny.Have a seat.
Thanks.What's up?
I was wondering if you had a particular policy about animals in the apartment.
Animals?Like...bugs?Pests?No,no.Pets.Ahhh.Pets.
Yeah.See I think that if I got a pet,
it would help me focus on something other than myself and my petty problems.
It sounds like this is an important step for you.
Also,this woman I'm seeing likes dogs.I see.
Well,if you got a dog, we would have to agree on some conditions.
For one thing,it couldn't be a puppy.Oh.
Puppies are very tough on apartments,Danny.
If you're not home when they need you,you will have all kinds of problems.Messes.Crying.
What about other animals?
Can you narrow it down a little?
How would you feel if I got a monkey?
A monkey would not be OK.A ferret?
No ferrets.A boa constrictor.
I have a problem with wild animals,Danny.
If there's goingto be a pet at all,it will have to be a domesticaated one.
How about a fish?
A fish sort of defeats the purpose of having a pet.
How so?You can't pet a fish.
Design For Living.Yvonne speaking.
Bill Collins !How are you?Fine,Great.
We're very busy working.But we always have time for you.
You're buying a house? Fabulous.Of course we're interested.
Why don't you stop by next Wednesday.
Two o'clock?Terrific.See you then.
What?We can't do it.We can't not do it.
Yvonne.Works is good.Killing ourselves is bad.
Turning away clients is bad.
We like Bill.That's good news.
Yes.We like Bill.I also like eating and sleeping.And it's very pleasant.every once in a while,to take a vacation.
What are you,afraid of success?
Oh please.It's no use complaining is it?
Nope.You'll thank me later.I know.That'swhat kills me.
Unit 49
Hi,Hi,Yvonne.
You didn't have to work late.
This is a nice surprise.Yes.I'm a free man.
But it looks like you two are still at it.
No,no,We're all finished.I'm just waiting for Douglas to pick me up.
Is your car in the shop again,Yvonne?
Yes,It's old and cranky and loud enough to wake the dead.
I just have to buy a new one.
We really do need two cars.Well,sure.Douglas must just about live in his;
you have to in real estate.Right.
So I'm stuck either waiting for a ride from someone,or taking cabs.
Then I get to listen to cabbies telling very long,very boring stories.
It's very annoying.
I don't get annoyed at that.I love talkative cabbies.
Let's trade cars.You'll get lots of time in cabs.
So,how was your day?
It was a big one.I gave my notice.
Well,that certainly makes it real.Oh,yeah.
You can't run for state office if you're employed by the state.
Are you going to set up  a private practice?Yep.
There he is.Have a good night.
So,how do you want to celebrate?
Rent a movie;get a pizza to go?
You sure know how to show a girl a good time.
Let's just say,I'm glad you're here.
What's that singing?
Though at the moment,he's certainly not the guy I moved in with.
Well,he's not the type who sings around the house.
Lisa,you look ravishing this morning.
Danny?
Are you one of those people that aliens abduct and
take to their spaceships for experiments?
No,Why do you ask?Look at you.
Um,So.Danny.What's going on?
Ah,let's see.I.she,we...Ah,ha.What?
My friend Hannah is a scuba diver.
At this time of year?The ocean must be freezing.That's what the wet suit is for.
To keep you warm.But Danny,it's not going to fit.
Now will someone please explain the beesuit?It's my job.
I don't belive it.I deliver balloons at ten,then Hannah and I are off to the seashore.
So things are going well,huh Danny?
Lisa,Hannah is the first woman.I can talk to completely unedited.
A frightening thought.Ah there we are.See you later.
I want my old roommate back.Hey,it's good that Danny's happy,right?
Yes.I just wish he'd stop singing.
Unit 50
Buy why not?I'm sixteen.
That's right.You just turned sixteen.
YOu just got your driver's licence.
And you are certainly not driving cross-country with a couple of friends for a winter vaatio,
because you don't have enough experience.
How will I ever get the experience if you never let me do anything?
I hardly think we are that strict.
But,as you say.you never get to do anything you want.It's not fair.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
OK,I won't drive.
Just justine and Sarah will.And they have been driving for months and months.We would be totally careful.
There's nothing to worry about.Why don't you belive me?
It's not that I don't believe you,Beth.
But the answer is still no.But why?
You may not take this trip because you are all young,
relatively inexperienced driers.
Since you're proposing a winter trip,that is an even more serious consideration.
We'd be sick with worry.no matter what you tell us.
You're just too wonderful to have around the house.
You're running for your stupid office.You're doing what you want and we have to accommodate you.
But I can't  do what I want.
Hi! I dropped by the library.
They have a bunch of new CDs
Are you OK?Your daughter has it in for me.Oh,
now she's my daugher.That's not a good sign.Did you have a fight?
Oh yes.What about?
The cross-country trip.
Is she still going on about that?
I thought she would have given up on it by now.
Her tactic is to keep asking why.
I tell her all the reasons and I cannot talk her out of it.
When she asks why,you should say what I say.
Which is?"Because I said  so."
That mingt have worked a few years ago.It won't work now.
Maybe.Do you want me to talk to her?
No.I need to face up to this one myself.
Don't worry  honey.
She doesn't know it sometimes,but she does love you and look up to you.
I thought adolescent girls were supposed to act up with their mothers.
Excuse me?Have we forgotten ages 12 and 13:
two solid years of tears and door-slamming?And,as I recall,you could do no wrong.
No,no,I have paid my dues,Good luck.Salsa!
Is it OK if I come in?Yes.
Hi.The indisputable fact is that you are sixteen.
We're going to have to work out when you're already sixteen.
And you're already sixteen.
According to you I'm going to be "only" sixteen nutil I'm ninety.
You're right,I will be worrying about you longer than you want to know.
But I don't want you to worry.It's not my fault if you do.
Well,some situations worry us more than others,Beth.This trip is one.
I'm sorry it's such a disappointment to you.I really am.
You're just saying that to be nice,Daddy.
When are you going to let me grow up?
Believe me,honey,
soon you'll be doing things you never thought possible.
Say the trip were in two years...Two years!
I can't do anything for two  years...Listen,listen.You'd be eighteen.
You'd be better prepared.There'd be no question about the trip.
So I can do it in two years?Do you promise?
Oh boy.You've been doing this since you were a minute old.
What?Wrapping me around your little finger.Do you promise?
Unit 51
When's your last day?
A week from next Friday.Ah.It's funny how things turn out,you know?
Like if I had chosen criminal law over consumer law,
we would never have worked together.If I had decided to go into private practice,we would never have met.That's right.
I went straight into government work.
Actually,if my father hadn't been a lawyer,I doubt I would have gone to law school at all.I don't know about that,Joe.You like arguing too much.\
I think you were meant to be a lawyer.
But if I hadn't met Nancy,I would have gone to a different law school.
Really?Where?Stanford.
And I wouldn't have met Nancy,if I'd been more coordinated.Go on.
I was playing touch football in college.
I went out for a pass.
I had my eye on the ball...on the ball...on the ball...and ran right into a tree.Oooh.
Nancy was the first concerned bystander to reach me.
No kidding.
So,Joe ,if I had watched where I was going,
you and I would have missed each other entirdly!
What a week,Here's to its end.Cheers!
Do we have plans for tonight?
Originally,I thought we could go dancing.
But I'm beinning to realize that's not going to happen.
I'd be happy sitting here all night.
Me too,as long as you continue to fill our glasses.Done.
Richard,do you remember coming home from work on Friday night,
and lying down for a rest before we'd go out?
Ha!We'd wake up on Saturday morning.
Why are weekends only two days?
I need at least three to recover from the week.Yeah.
Ha.Try taking a weekend off in real estate.
They don't exist.
Well folks,the ting little weekend we have is here.
Right.I say,dinner out,then a movie.NO,no,no!please!I dread getting up out of the chair.
C'mon Yvonne.If I can do it,you can.OK,I give up.
No,you get up.We all get up.
Unit 52
We could use another week to finish this.
I know.I can hardly believe this.
Me neither.Oh well.
Some cleaning is just a chore.Other cleaning is good for the soul.
I take it you think this is good for the soul.
Are you kidding?Moving is an opportunity to make a fresh start.
Get rid of the stuff you don't use,the things you don't want.
Get rid of these old magazines.Those were for the Bantin case.
That was five years ago.Out they go!
I'll miss your efficiency,Trish.
Oh,You haven't seen the last of me.
I'm coming to you for a job after law school.
There are two sets of these books.I knowThis set is mine.The other belongs to the office.
Oh,and one day I couldn't  find my mouse pad,
so I went out and bought another.Which one would you like?
Neither.Thanks.Oh come on.A little token of my esteem.
Fine.Either one is lovely.
It's too bad you can't have a yard sale here.I had one the last time I moved.I made 200 bucks.
But the best thing was how I felt the next day.I felt completely liberated.
Free!I never realized this could be so...exhilarating.See?I told you it would feel good.
Wait,Wait.Wait.The old man who finds the frog keeps it in his pocket.
Yes.Why doesn't he kiss it?
Honey.am I the only person whose jokes you interrupt?
Or do you do this to other people who are merely tryingto entertain you?
OK.OK.I'm sorry.Start over.
An old man walks down the street,comes upon a frog who can talk.Then what?The frog tells the old man,
"I'm really a beautiful,sensuous,widly desirable woman..."I got the point.
"a beautiful woman who's been put under an evil spell.
Only a kiss can set me free.
I'll belong completely to the man whose kiss releases me.
Kiss me and I'll be yours,yours,all yours."
Yeah,yeah.So the guy...
So the old guy picks up the frog,
puts it in his pocket and keeps walking down the street.
The frog yells,"Hey!what's the matter with you?Aren't you going to kiss me?"
And the old guy says,"At my age ,I'd rather have a talking frog.
Unit 53
Hi Nancy.
Augh!!,Jamie.You look like you're having fun.
I guess I am.
I probably haven't done this since Beth was little.
Sometimes I think we have children just so that we can play again.
Definitely.I still love to jump rope.
Well,I was just bringing you some of your mail.
I fear our current mail carrier will never get it completely right.
He's something,isn't he?
He's so bad,he's almost entertaining.
Almost.
Jamie,did you live here when we had the neighborhood bonfires?
You've been here at least as long as we have ,right?
I think we've lived here longer than anyone;
except the Carozzas and the Doyles.
Do you remember those bonfires?They were great,weren't they?They were so big you'd feel hot,even thought it was freezing out.
They're against the law now.Yes,to protect the environment.
I know.But I love a big bonfire so much,I'd almost be willing to break the law.
Oh come on.
Got a match?Nah.I'll stick to raking them.
Well,I'll leave you to it.
Oh,next time it rains.
wear your galoshes just in case you find a puddle you want to jump into.
Yvonne. Nancy,You did it.You've come up with  a marvelous proposal.
I love it.and I want to start the work right away.
No,no Don't thank me.I should thank you.You did so mush work.
But I want to tell you,it's not just the plans and taste.
I know you will turn these humble rooms into a creative expression of my personality.
For this,I thank you.
You see.I feel you truly understand me.
You are really the kind of designers I 've wished for all along.
And I don't have to tell you how fond Antonio is of both of you.
But,there are some things to discuss.
Some of the furniture simply won't do.
And you snuck a carpet into the design you bad girls.But we can go into that later.
Today is a celebration.I so look forward to working with you.
To us,and to a beautiful home.
Ah,Now there's nothing left to discuss today,is there?No?Lovely.
Please excuse me,but I must fly.Antonio will see you out.Till next time.Ciao.
Oh Douglas.Yvonne and Nancy aren't back yet.
I'm hoping that a long meeting means they were given the project.
They do deserve  it.
Would you like something to drink?No thanks.
So,do you feel like reading a speech?
A speech?Oh your speech.
No,no, I don't want to read it.Speeches are made,Richard,
Go ahead.Let's hear it.
Good morning,fellow citizens.
It was once said...Hey.What's going on?
Hi Beth.Hi honey.I'm practicing my speech.Want to listen?
Is this like a sneak preview?Yep.Go ahead,Richard.We're all ears.
Good morning,fellow citizens.
It was once said by a prominent politocian...
Has our trust in government been abused?...
There matters must be dealt with.
It was once thougth that poloiticians...
Thank you and good day.My god ,was it that bad?
It didn't really sound like you,Dad.
You know what?
You're using way too much of the passive voice.
People won't know how dynamic you are
if you don't communicate in a dynamic way.
It's begun.
There-make of Richard Hobart.Let me see that speech.
Unit 54
Thanks.Nancy,this is really nice.
We're so used to watching my project on our old TV,it'll be great to see it on yours.
Good.We're excited to see your work.
Right.So now  I'm doing bees,
clowns...Last week,he was a botle of champagne.That was a challenge.
I hang out in Harvard Square a lot,but never 24 hours all at once.Well,
Michael didn't shoot it all at once.
He would get up at all hours of the day and night.
Then he'd go into the Square to film the different times.
I used to spend a lot of time there.Me too.
But now that I'm working downtown,it's not very convenient.
Well,good luck with your campaign.
Thank you.Can I get you anything?No,thanks.No,thanks.
I don't even read the raper.
I could never get used to reporters in my face all the time.
Michael,I'll pop in your tape if you'd like to start.
I just want to say,this is not the entire piece.
But it is a day in Harvard Square,compressed to a couple of minutes.
So,Ah.Hey!
That's the movie we rented last night.
No,no we returned the movie to the video store.
We'll be right back.
Mom,This is so creepy.
They won't stop looking at usssss.
If you don't like it now,think how you'll feel watching it on TV.
Oops.I take it back.It won't be so bad.
Good afternoon,friends and fellow citizens.
My name is Richard Hobart
and I'm running for Attorney General of the State of Massachusetts.
One of our great presidents,Thomas Jefferson,once said,...
To be honest,
I don't like reading speeches.I'd  rather just talk to you.
So that's what we'll do,at least for this once.
I'll remember to be merciful.
if you'll remember to be merciful.
I'd like to tell you my idea of a civilized society...
what it should be,and what it shouldn't.
let's spell out the role of the law
in ensuring the best possible quality of life...
After all,we're in this together...
Thank you for listening.
I'm sure I'll be speaking with you again.