unit 28
Good morning.
Morning.Is there any coffee?
Mm-hm.I just made it.Do you want a muffin?
No,thanks.I'll get something at work.Do you want a cup,Nancy?
Yes,please.
Is Beth awake?
More or less.She'll be right down.I'm giving her a ride to school.
Very clever,Counselor Hobart.She will get out of bed for a lift.
What is your day like?
I go to the office this morning.And I'm in court this afternoon.
I won't be home late-about 6:30.How about you?
Yvonne and I have a meeting with a client.
Which client?
Bill Collins.We're almost finished with his condo.
I'll show you pictures tonight.
Do you want a muffin?I will make you a muffin.
No,no,no.This is fine.Good morning,Beth.
Hi honey.I'm very well this morning,thank you.
Would you like a muffin?Do you want some yogurt?An egg?
Mom.
Eggs are good.
I'm not hungry.
Beth,you really must eat something.How about some cereal?
Dad,make her stop.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.Bye.
Bye.
Bye.See you tonight.
Richard!
You were taking Beth to school!
Oops.Well,then I will have a muffin.
Good morning,Nancy.
Hi,Yvonne.What is that?
It's box of donuts.
Yvonne.
What?
Donuts are bad for you.
But they taste so good.Want one?
No,I do not want one.
Not even a cream-filled donut with chocolate frosting?
There's only one.I'll get a couple of plates.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
Libra.Be patient at work.The financial outlook is good.
I like that.What's mine?
Aries.Stay healthy.Now is a good time for a dental check-up.
A what?
A dental check-up.
Who writes these things?
I don't know.
So how are you this morning?
Fine,except I have to go to a business dinner tonight-
with all of Douglas's real estate colleagues.
Now,I love my husband.And his co-workers are very nice.
But they are all...optimists.
And you're a poor,lonely pessimist.
No.
Well,I like those dinners.Potential clients.
Oh,Douglas got us a referral.Klara Kovak.
Great.
She's Hungarian.
OK.
It could be a big job,Nancy.
Great.
She's an heiress.
Great.
You're famous.
I'm not famous.We are famous.The office is famous.
That's funny.I didn't see a picture of the office in the paper.
I saw a picture of you.
Is there a picture of me?
Page 28.
You're famous.
This is terrible.
What's terrible?
Where did they get this picture?
Ah,Richard,it's the price of fame.
Joe,I'm not famous.But there are better pictures of me.
An interview here.Another picture there.Soon you'll be on television.
Excellent.You can go on a talk show.
Then comes the book.
And the movie.
An adoring public.
Great parties.
No privacy.A twenty-four-hour-a-day job.No normal life.
Details.
I don't beloieve this.Do you really want to be in the public eye?
I do.I want to go on a talk show.
Joe.You're much more reserved than I am.
You don't want to be famous.
No.Not me.I'm smarter than that.I want you to be famous.
Yes,Trish?
It's the State Attorney General for you,Mr.Hobart.Line 2.
Thank you.
You're famous.
unit 29
Hi,Michael.Hi Danny.
Hi,Nancy.
Yvonne,have you met our new tenants?
Not yet.
Yvonne Washington,Michael Chung and Danny DeMarco.
They moved in last weekend.It was last weekend,right?
Just last Saturday.
Of course.How could I forget that sofa?
How did you finally get it into the apartment?
Very slowly and very carefully.
Yvonne,do you live here too?
No,no.Nancy and I are business partners,so I'm here quite a bit.
Oh.What kind of business?
Interior design.Do you need help with your new place?
With our furniture?Impossible!
Oh,I hardly think so.
You haven't seen the sofa.
Desides,I'm sure Lisa will help us redecorate.
Lisa?
Lisa's my girlfriend.
Just getting home work,Danny?
Yeah.I'm beat.
Where do you work?
Kinko's. The night shift.
You too,Michael?
Oh no.Michael is a serious film maker.
Dannyl...
Really?
I'm a graduate student in Film Studies.
And I do work at night,occasionally.
Actually,Yvonne,we've got to run.
Everything OK in the apartment?
So far,so good.
Good.See you later.
Nice to meet you.
Bye.
It must be hard to work all night.
Unless you sleep all day.
Look.Our first mail.Apply for your new credit card today!
Why are you getting these?
Because Michael,I am an ideal consumer.They drool over me.
Under 30,underemployed,works at night for a minimum wage in a copy place.
I don't have cash.I need their cards.
You want some?
Glad that's not scotch,What's got you so down?
Jeannette called me at work and broke up with me.
Ouch.
Yeah,well,between you and me,it was just a matter of time.
How come?
I'm not ambitious.I am going around in circles.
And I don't have a life plan.
Does Jeannette?
Oh,Jeannette has a very detailed schedule.
How's the movie?
Good.I'm just going out to shoot.
Listen,Danny,there's an experimental film at MIT on Saturday.
Do you want to come aturday evening before you go to work?
Are you bringing Lisa?
Yep.
Does she have a friend?
How quickly they forget.
unit 30
OK.Did Cavett say we would have any essay questions?
No.Just multiple choice.
We must be sone.
We must be.I can't think of anything else to study.
Great.
Great.
So the question is...
...should I have  big party for my birthday?
Absolutely.Can I wear your red dress?
Justine.The party may not even happen and you already want to wear my clothes.
But I look so good in that dress.Where is it?Here it is.
Anyway,my parents would like to throw a party for me.
Uh huh?
I don't know.Do you think it's stupid.Sweet sixteen?
Oh yeah.Sweet sixteen.Well,you don't have to wear a sign or anything.
Yeah.We don't have to call it a sweet sixteen party.
Try it with a necklace.
I like it with the necklace.
That tea party your mom did was great.
Yeah,it could be really nice.
On the other hand,a bunch of us could just go out.
That would be fun,too.Beth,your birthday's not for a few months,right?
Six weeks.
So you have time to decide.You never wear this.I'm taking it.OK?
OK.Are you hungry?
I could eat.
So could I.Let's do it.
This article is so positive.It's glowing.
I can't believe I didn't notice it this morning.
I love this part:
"Some public servants do serve the public.State Prosecutor Hobart is one."Wow.
What do you think?
What can I think?It says here,
"Hobart won an important victory for public health in Massachusetts."
You're my hero.
Yeah?
I heard Beth boast about you to Justine.
In a very cool way,of course.
I impressed the house critic.That is impressive.
It's just the age,honey.It's her job to make us feel old and useless.
You were fifteen once,don't you remember?
I'm afraid that was a long time ago.And I was never...
Did you hear her yesterday?
She told someone on the phone,"My parents are so middle-class."
What does that mean?
I'm sure we were just as bad.
So...
Yes?
You do this fabulous job.You win this case.
Mm-hmm.
People love you.You get glowing reviews.
You get praise from your colleagues.I have just one question.
Yes?
Do you get a raise?
Come on,man.Help me do this.
No,no.Let's get this straight.
I am not going to help you leam you learn to juggle.
I'm not going to waste my time.
You don't listen.
What?
See?You never listen.You're not really interested.
Lately you're on some other planet,Danny.
Your body is here,but your mind is on Pluto.
I'd rather teach someone who wants to learn.
Nathan,it's not brain surgery.It's juggling.
And guess what?You still can't do it.
OK,OK,OK.I'm sorry.I'll listen better.I'll work harder.
Oh no.It's the 2 am rush.
Kinko's.This is Nathan.Can I help you?
We're open all night.Yes,we do bulk copies.
Sure.Let me get you the price list...
Ahh,tell them we're busy.We're swamped.Tell them to go away.
You know what?It's your lucky night.
Let me hand you over to my colleague.
He's our vice-president in charge of bulk copies and he can answer 
all of your questions.His name is Danny.
Hello.Yep.7 cents.100.Sure.Yep.Bye.
unit 31
Here's a list of colors and materials.
If you ever want to match something,take the list to the store.
Thanks.
And here's your final invoice.
Fine.I can write a check now,if that's OK.
Bill,you're my favorite client.
I just wish I had more than two rooms for you to do.
Just call us when you have a house,OK?
I'm sure all your clients come back.
All but one.
Oh,really?You have to tell me.I'm your favorite client.
He had no sense of color.
One day last summer,we got a call.
It was a doctor,a very successful surgeon..
...who wanted us to design his consulting offices.
And it was very important to the big surgeon...
Nan.
...that the colors be soothing.
Well,that makes sense.
I had no problem with that.
However,the surgeon and my partner could not agree on green.
Green is..green,right?
It was a very soft sea foam green,very gentle on the eyes.
What color is that?
Green.
Thank you.
Well,the surgeon said the green was yellowy-brown and not relaxing at all.
In fact,he said the green was...what did he call it?
Institutional.Do you believe it?He gave me such a headache.
Green,yellow,green,yellow.We finally went with a shade of pink...
Which he called violet.And the man is an eye surgeon!
What's up for the weekend,Joe?
We'll probably go sailing.The weather should be good.
At least that's what the weather report said.
How's the boat?
She needs a little work...a little work,a lot of cash.
Ugh,this coffee's got sugar in it.This one must be yours.
It gets expensive,doesn't it?
Please.Marie reminds me the entire time we're on the boat.
She says it's just a hole in the water you throw money into.
I'm thinking of getting a smaller one,Richard-a one-man sailboat.
Ugh,This one's got sugar in it too.Do you want it?
No,thanks.Do you want this milk?  Sure.
Beth used to take riding lessons.That wasn't cheap.
I was relieved when she got tired of it.
This isn't a ham sandwich.I'm not sure what it is.
Egg salad.
What's that one?
Pastrami.Wrong order.
Wrong order.
The last couple of years,we've been skiing.
We go to Stowe Mountain in Vermont.
Is that the one with the two mountains and all the trails?
Yep.Downhill skiing.We can't pick an inexpensive sport,can we?
Is there one?
Skinnydipping.
That would be a summer activity.
Pretty much.
unit 32
I can't meet them then.I'm in court.
You're in court the next day.
Right.But I'm also in court on Wednesday.
The next day is Wednesday.
Trish,we just started and we're already out of sync.
I cannot have all these meetings.There aren't enough hours in the day.
With all due respect,you don't write things down in the calendar.
So I don't know how full your schedule is,
which is why we still have these little meetings.
Can we agree that the day after Wednesday is Thursday?
That's a joke,Trish.A little joke.
May we start from the beginning?
By all means.
The Credit Card Association would like to meet with you on Tuesday morning.
Fine.I can do it in the morning.Afterwards,I'm in court.
Fine.Which case?
People v.Kenton.
We're talking about next week!
We're talking about this week!
Trish,I said,"Let's talk about next week."
You said it on Friday.Last week,"next week" means"this week"this week.
You're going to make a very good attorney.
Anybody home?
Hi.
Hi.Hi Danny.
How you doing.Lisa?
I found that video.
"Mars Needs Women".Excellent.
I looked everywhere for it,and I finally went to Video King.
Michael,it is a great store.
Lisa,how long did you live in California?
My whole life until college.Why?
I don't know.Maybe I should move to L.A.
What?Why?
They have an excellent football team.
You're pathetic.
Danny,you don't want to live in California.It's one big disaster area.
So?So is my life.
No.I mean things like floods.
And if it isn't a flood,it's a fire-or an earthquake.Earthquakes,Danny.
Have you ever been is one?
Plenty of times.Most of them are small;you don't feel them.
But the one in 1990?I was going into the airport and the ground started to move.
People didn't want to stay in the airport,obviously,
so they started running out of it,crying and screaming.
So?
The only disasters we have in New England are blizzards.
And hurricanes.
And hurricanes.
And Danny's love life.
Danny.Did you and Jeannette break up?
Yep.I dropped her like a hot potato.
"Typhoon Danny and his Storm of Love":a new film by Michael Chung.
I like it.
Yeah,well,I'm charging you a fortune for the rights.
Beth!We are waiting for you.The phone is driving me crazy.
Let's unplug it.I'm starting.
Beth!
Coming.Sorry.
Hey didn't you have a soccer game today?What was the score?
Four to...
Tell them you are eating dinner and will call back later.
Do you see what I mean?
Dad!It's for you.
Sorry.
The phone is driving me crazy.
Mom,we should just turn on the answering machine.
I don't want to use it to screen calls.
I don't think it's right.If we're home,we should answer the phone.
But we're not screening calls.We just don't want to be interrupted.
If we were eating out,the machine would be on.
You have a point.
So,let's use it during meals-or just during dinner.
Maybe.
Sorry.That was Joe.
What did he want?
The phone is driving you crazy.
Nan!It's for you.
unit 33
Are you working late tonight?
Excuse me.Yes,Trish.Constanza Fuentes? Are you sure? OK.
Hobart...Hello,Constanza...How are you? Fine,thank you.How can I help you?
Uh huh....Yes...Excuse me?....No,I hadn't. I...uh...sure.
I'd be happy to consider it.Lunch on Thursday. Fine.See you then.
Constanza Fuentes?As in Party Chairwoman Fuentes?Well?
What did she want?
She asked me if I had ever thought of rnning for public office.
Any particular one?
Attorney General of the State of Massachusetts.
That's right Phil's retiring.
What does our boss think about you taking his place?
Constanza said Phil loves the idea.
What else did she say?
Not much.She said we are doing a great job 
and I have a lot to offer and they need a candidate.
So you said you'll think about it.
Yeah.Am I crazy?Can I do this?
If you want to.
I have to tell Nancy what's going on.
We can finish this later.
This is a big job.
But we can do it.
Klara Kovak,here we come.
Nancy,Yvonne.Do come in.It's nice,but it's not quite right.
We've had several decorators come in,but so far,it's been a disappointment.
Notice the colors.They simply won't do.I can't bear to look at them...
Antonio and I hired a firm to fix the walls.
Well,we came home to find the kitchen completely ruind.
Do you know what they said to me?...
From then on,I watched the workmen do every little thing,no matter how small.
After all,how else will I know...And look at this carpet.
I dont like carpets.You see people covring beautiful wood floors.
It makes no sense whatsoever...
I'll have the architect send you plans.
Ms.Kovak...
Oh,Klara.
Klara.I'm sorry.I thought the phone was off.Excuse me.
As I was saying....
Hello.Hi.I'm in a meeting,but keep talking.I need the break.
What's up?Who?She asked you what?What did you say?Wow.
OK,honey.I'll see you tonight.
We'd love you to come to our office.We'll call and arrange an appointment.
Wow.
What were we dont in there?That house is fine.
What did Klara say?"It's nice but it's not quite rigth."
She wants us to make it right!Oh no!
unit 34
Danny?Danny DeMarco?
Yeah?
It's me.Tony.Tony Berelli.
Tony Berelli.Wow.
Yeah,yeah.
I haven't seen you in years.How are you doing?
I'm doing fine...great.How about you?
Aah-you know.
Man,you look really different.What happened to the glasses?
I got contact lenses.I took off a few pounds.
I got in shape.Hey,do you want to keep on running? 
Yeah,absolutely.
Come on.
What are you doing these days?
I manage one of my father's stores.You remember:radiow,stereos.
It's not bad.I've got flexible hours so I can work out when I want.
Do you believe it,I lift weights now?
You'ra a new man,Tony.
So,are you married?
No.No.No wife,no kids.As of two weeks ago,no airlfriend.You?
Nah.Listen.We'll have wives and children and houses before we know it.
So don't rush it.
So,what's your story?
I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do,you know?
Yeah.I know.
I work at Kinko's,nights.Actually today,I'm starting a second job.
You know part-time,extra cash.
What is it?
You know those guys that deliver telegrams and flowers?
Really?
Really.
Well.It's a job.
Hi...Danny?
Hi Nancy.Hi.How are you?
Fine,thanks.Nice tuxedo.
I'm I'm I'm going to a wedding.
For a minute there,you looked like one of those balloon-delivery guys.
The balloons are for the wedding.
Oh.
The couple is Danish,and the Danes have an old custom.
Actually,it's not that old,but the balloons are part of it.
Part of the wedding.
Yes.
Everybody has something.
Americans throw birdseed.The Japanese have rubber cakes.
In Liechtenstein.they kidnap the bride from the reception.
...or is that the Zimbabweans?
You know,Nancy.I was just on my way out.
Of course.Don't let me keep you.
You don't want to be late for a wedding,especially if you're in the bridal party.
Are you the best man?
No.Yes.Sort of.Nice talking to you.Bye.
unit 35
What do you think?
I think somethin's caught in here.
I mean,what do you think of running?
For office?
No,the Boston marathon.Yes,for office.
I'm not sure.I love my job.But,I've been there for eight years.
Maybe it's time to move on.Maybe it's time for a new job.
Ah,but you won't know you have this job until the election.
True.You know,the thought of public office never occurred to me.
But ever since Constanza's phone call,it's been on my mind.
What do you think?
I don't think that goes there.Isn't the belt supposed to go there?
Well,I think it's very exciting.But I'm worred too.
I mean,this will have an enormous effect on all of us.
For instance,our lives will certainly change during a campaign.
Are you listening?
For instance,our lives will certainly change during a campaign.
You're doing it again.
What?
You repeat what I say,but you don't really hear it.
Sweetheart,you think I can't hear unless I look at you.
But in fact,I use my ears to listen,not my eyes.
I can even hear you with my eyes closed.Go ahead.Say something.
You're impossible.
I'm impossible.See?
What's on TV?
"I love Stuart Bonnett"starring Beth Hobart.
Justine,don't rub it in.What is on TV?
Thriller Theater.Something called"The Jersey devil".
Cool.
Is that about a couple on a date and they park in the woods or somehing?
Well,according to the story I know,they run out of gas,
and they're really nervous because there's an escaped monster in the woods too.
The Jersey devil.
Right.
They hear a noise and the guy gets out to look around
and the woman waits in the car like this.
She hears scratching-behind the car,in front of the car,and against the roof.
And she's scared because of the Jersey devil.
Now I remember.She finally gets out
and sees that it was her boyfriend trying to get back into the car.
But the Jersey devil got him.
It' ssupposed to be true.
Did you hear the one about the baby-sitter and the phone calls?
I think so.
The creep calls the baby-sitter and calls and calls
and won't let her alone,and she finally has the operator trace the phone lines.
And the operator calls and says,"Get out now.
He's calling from a phone inside the house!"
Ahhhgh!
Hello.
Klara's coming here next week.Do we need a plan?
What kind of plan?
How should we impress her?
We will impress her with our fine work.
Nancy,I used to say that when I worked with your husband
and all the other lawyers in state government.
But now,we are in the design business.
It could use a face lift.
Look what I found.Wow!
I covered the chairs and moved the sofa in here.
I picked up a new album for presenting our work.
Perfect.Hello.You bought a what?
We needed something here anyway.
I called Klara,confirmed the time,gave her directions and  mailed her a map.
Is there anything else we can do?
This is all very charming.
Who could that be?
I'll get it.Excuse me.
More tea,klara?
Yes.Thank you.You know it's not easy being gracious these days.
No,it isn't.
Aren't they gorgeous.
Who sent them?
Let's see.Thank you for making my home so beautiful.
Best wishes,Janet Wu.
Janet Wu?
Just one of our many satisfied customers.You were saying,Klara?
unit 36
Richard?
Over there is fine.
Yvonne!
I'm almost finished!
Believe me,Douglas,yvonne promised she would take the day off.
She said she had done enough work for one week.
And now she is in there with a calculator.
I know.I know.
Douglas,don't be shy.
This looks great.
It smells fantastic.
Dig in.Yvonne!
Two seconds!
Douglas,Yvonne mentioned you were in Chicago.
Yeah.For a seminar on selling commercial property.
It was just a couple of days.This is delicious.
But the flight back was horrible.We flew through a huge storm.
I hate airplanes.
You told me you were over that.
Not when I hear these stories.
This was pretty bad.
At one point,the flight attendants told us we had to take crash positions.
No.And then the pilot came on and said we couldn't land.
It was absolutely terrifying.
Of course,statistically,it's very safe.
Tell that to the people in the crash position.
Well to be fair,I lived to tell the story.I am here.
But your wife isn't.Yvonne!
Yvonne,we ate all the food!
There's nothing left.You missed it.
OK.I'll tell him you called.Hey,that was Lisa.
She said you were supposed to meet her.
I know.I was.Was she mad?
Was she mad!
Oh boy,I blew it.
Well,she said she was going home and she'd call you later.What happened?
I taped in the Square this morning.
Then I had a meething over at school with my advisor.
First of all,he wea 45 minutes late.
Then after a complete progress report,
he decides to go over the whole project from the top.
Temper,Michael.He is your graduate advisor.
Lisa will calm down.It's nothing a little gesture on your part won't fix.
Ask her to marry you.
Let's not go to extetremes.
Tell her it'll never happen again.
I told her that the last time.
Well well well,you do have a problem,don't you?
I could grovel.
Groveling is an option.Now,personally I don't grouvel.
I just inspire women to break upo with me.
Maybe you should try groveling.