What are you doing?
I think I've got them.
You think you've got what?
Performing arts--performing arts centers.
I think I've got them all, but I'm not sure.
I think you have got it, Richard.
Lincoln Center,home of the Metropolitan Opera,
the New York City Ballet,the New York Philharmonic.
Shubert Alley,center of the theater on Broadway.
And Carnegie Hall.
And the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington.
And the Music Center in Los Angeles.
And the others. I do have it all.
You have been working on this for some time,Richard.
I'm glad you feel you've finally put it all together.
What now?
Now for the hard part.
Oh,you think you're going to have a hard time getting the album published?
Well, it won't be easy.
So,what do you think you're going to do?
Does the name Harvey Carlson ring a bell?
Oh, yes! Harvey Carlson! I remember.
He said I should call him.
He's the publisher of the Carlson Publishing Company.
He said they need a new book of photographs,
and he really liked my concept.
So, why don't you call him in the morning?
Do you think I have enough to show him?
I've been through every section with you, Richard.
It's quite complete.
And now that you're satisfied with the performing arts section,
I think you should show it to Mr. Carlson.
You're right.My Family Album,U.S.A.feels right.
I'll call in the morning and set up an appointment to see him.
He's going to love your work.
Come on. Let's get some sleep.
Is it too early to call Mr. Carlson?
Seven after nine?No.I'm sure he's in his office.
His number is five,five,five,seven,five,three,two.
Five,five,five,seven,five,three,two.
Hello. Mr. Carlson, please.
Mr. Carlson is busy at the moment.May I help you?
I'd like to make an appointment with him.
And your name is...?
My name is Richard Stewart.
He told me to call him about my project, Family Album, U.S.A.
One moment, please.
What's going on?
I guess they're trying to set up an appointment for me.
Mr. Stewart,I just spoke to Mr. Carlson.
He would like to see you.
But the only time he's available this week is tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.
Thanks. Thanks a lot. Good-bye.
Well,it's done.Tomorrow morning at a publisher's office.
Oh, it's so exciting, isn't it, Richard?
Well, finally a publisher will see my work.
