I really like this one Susan. Do you?
Turn around,Michelle.Let me see the back of it.
I like it a lot. It fits well.
It doesn't need any alterations.We must've bought the right size.
I like the color. She looks good in blue.
I like blue, too, Daddy.
Try on the skirt and blouse outfit,Michelle--
the one that Daddy wanted you to wear.
OK.
Michelle has been a different kid since we've been married.
She's never been happier.
And I've never been happier,Harry.
I love her very much. She's been a joy.
We're very lucky, the three of us...
and becoming part of the Stewart family,too.
We couldn't ask for anything more, could we?
Well...
Well...?Could we ask for anything more?
Well...we...
How do you like it, Daddy?
It's my favorite outfit.
It's good for every day. It will be good for school, Michelle.
I like it, too. I always like skirts that go like this.
Do you want to see the winter jacket on me,Susan?
Yes, I do. Change back into your jeans,
and put on the new winter jacket we bought today.
OK.
What did you mean by "well ...?"
You had something on your mind
when I said we couldn't ask for anything more.
Is everything all right?
Everything is fine,Michelle.
Let's take a look at the winter jacket.Come on over here,honey.
It's kind of warm.
It is. That's why we bought it for you.
This will be a perfect jacket for the wintertime
when it's very cold out.
But it's kind of small also. We must've bought the wrong size.
Looks like we should've bought a bigger one.
I guess we'll have to exchange it,too.
I'm sure the store has others.
I look silly!It is too small!
You're growing so fast, Michelle.
Can I take it off? I'm hot!
Sure. Put it back in your room, and we'll hang everything up later.
Well,are you going to tell me what's on your mind, Harry?
I have been offered a job with a major accounting company
in Los Angeles.
I have been offered a job with a major accounting company
in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles? That's a big decision.
I know. It will also affect you and your job, if we decide to go.
Wow!It sure will.But first tell me about the job, Harry.
If it's a good one, then we'll make it work for us.
I have a client in the garment business, on Seventh Avenue.
I do his taxes every year.
He has a big sales office in Los Angeles,
and the company in Los Angeles
that does his major accounting work
is looking for an executive. And he recommended me.
That's wonderful, Harry.
Yes, but it would mean that we'd have to move to L.A.
What about the salary?
The real discussion comes tomorrow.
Susan, I don't plan to make any decisions Susan
until I have a chance to talk with you about it.
I understand, Harry.
And I don't have to make a quick decision.
They know that I'm married and that I have a family.
Well, there's a lot to think about.
If it's a good job,
then I've got to do some thinking about
my career opportunities in Los Angeles.
Is everything OK?
Yes, honey.
