Hi, everyone. Sorry I'm late.
But Alexandra and I
have been busy at work this morning
on the community-center project.
And we brought someone along who can help.
You remember Charles Maxwell, Grandpa?
He's the editor of the Riverdale paper.
He wrote some nice articles on Mom
when she was running for the school board.
Yes, I remember. You were a great help.
Hi, Mr. Stewart.
Hope to be a bigger help on the new community-center project.
From what Robbie and Alexandra have told me,
you people are making one big story.
Let me introduce you, Mr. Maxwell.
This is Nat Baker,
who's responsible for this meeting,
and this is Joanne Thompson--and Abe Lucas,
who used to run the drugstore in town.
Robbie and Alexandra told me
what you need to fix up the old library.
I am planning to write an editorial that I think will help you.
Let's go. What are your questions?
OK.Now,I have...first...a couple of questions here.
Have you talked to the community council?
And have you had an engineer come in to do an inspection?
OK, what do you need most of all?
People power.
Men and women, young and old, to give us their time.
To do what?
To help scrub the building interior clean.
So that we can repaint it.
And you also need bodies to do repainting?
That's right.
And we'll also need some ladders
and some brushes and some paint.
When do you need the volunteers,
and where do they report?
I've got the council to agree
to open the building for us on the next four weekends.
How about furnishings?
Are there any special requirements that I should list in the paper?
Yes.
Here is a copy of all the things we need to start with.
Let's see. Four desks.
Eight straight-back chairs. Thirty folding chairs.
Six table lamps. Three end tables. One piano.
This is a good start.
These items shouldn't be difficult to come by
once I print the article in the paper.
This community has always been very generous.
I agree, Mr. Maxwell.
What you're saying is, in order for this center to succeed,
we need to put together volunteers
from the various generations of future users.
That's right.
And without their energy and stamina,
there's no way we can complete this project.
I've got it. Now give me some information about
how you see the building being used.
Oh, here. On the ground floor we have the reception area...
It's here, Robbie.
Charles Maxwell lived up to his word.
"At the Stewart family home on Linden Street yesterday,
a group of caring Riverdale citizens gathered
to plan the refurbishing of the old library
to transform it into a new community center.
The original plan by the council
was tabled because of lack of funds.
The new plan needs you.
You could call it a community unity plan.
It needs your time, and it needs your energy.
And it needs your contributions of furniture,
paint, brushes, ladders, lamps, et cetera.
A list of these items and a volunteer form
can be picked up at the Riverdale Press offices.
By working together,
this community can do anything to benefit its citizens,
and we know you will all work together
towards refurbishing the old library
and making it a new community center.
Charles Maxwell, Editor."
